How many batteries would it take to
power a human for an hour? Now, a normal
AA battery like this has about 2.9 Wh
worth of energy. That's enough energy to
keep a worker and going for nearly 2
years. For a buzzing bee, which is just
flying around and has to fight against
gravity, it can last about 4 days. For a
mouse, you're down to just 14 hours. If
you go up to a dog, you're already down
to just 5 and 1/2 minutes. If you go all
the way to the biggest animal on the
planet, a blue whale, this thing will
keep it going for half a second. So,
what about a human? Well, the average
human consumes about 86 calories per
hour while at rest, which you probably
are if you're watching this on your
phone. This would be enough to keep you
going for about 2 minutes. So, you would
need 30 of these if you wanted to keep a
human running for about an hour. Now,
that is a lot to carry around, but
fortunately, you don't have to. If you
ever do need that much energy, you could
just grab one of these instead. It's an
Anker Prime PowerCore bank, and it's got
the same amount of energy packed in
there, but in a body that's 20% smaller
than other power banks would be. And
that's because it uses high-end LCO
cells, like you would see in flagship
phones nowadays. Those cells also have
lower internal resistance than
traditional NCM cells, which means it
can do rapid recharging up to 250 W,
which is absolutely insane, or 300 W in
total from all these ports. But the very
best thing about this TV is that if you
press this button, it will tell you how
much charge is left, and it will even
tell you how fast it's charging all your
different devices. So, to get your very
own Anker Prime PowerCore bank, click
the link in the description.